Update requesthandlersettings.md (#4893)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/requesthandlersettings.md

### Char collection

This settings contains objects with a **"Char"** and **"Replacement** key. Each of these objects holds a character that should be replaced and what it should be replaced with.

{% hint style="info" %}

> When adding or removing entries from the collection, you need to re-save and publish any node where you want the change reflected. You can also use **Publish with descendants...** on the root node to update the URL for all descendants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When managing entries from the collection, you need to do a couple of things for the change to be reflected: 

1. Refresh the database cache from the "Published Status" tab in the **Settings** section of the backoffice.
2. Re-save and publish any node where you want the change reflected. 
  a. You can also use **Publish with descendants...** on the root node to update the URL for all descendants.
```
